Created first open-source post (#1641)
simplabs/simplabs.github.io: _posts/2021-12-05-this-week-in-os-1.md

---
title: 'This week in Open Source at simplabs #1'
author: "Emma Dell'Acqua"
github: emma_dellacqua
twitter: emma_dellacqua
topic: insidesimplabs
bio: 'Marketing Assistant'
description:
  'A collection of work that our engineers have been carrying out in open-source
  in the past few weeks.'
og:
  image: /assets/images/posts/2021-11-26-publish-on-npm/og-image.png
---

Our software engineers are all active members of the open-source community and
enjoy collaborating on various projects, bringing their knowledge where it's

> most needed. In this blog post, we have collected some of the work they have

Reviewer: > …where it's most needed.

sounds a bit over the top tbh :) Let's tone it down a bit?

Author: So without the "most"?

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the notion of us bringing in our knowledge where it's needed. In the end, it's about what we're interested in etc. Maybe just leave that part out completely?

  ([@Turbo87])
- [rust-lang/crates.io]
  [#4152](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/pull/4152) CrateSidebar: Show
  detailed list for small number of owners ([@Turbo87])
- [rust-lang/crates.io]
  [#4151](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/pull/4151) renovate: Adjust
  `node` package grouping ([@Turbo87])
- [rust-lang/crates.io]
  [#4150](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/pull/4150) renovate: Convert to
  JSON5 file ([@Turbo87])
- [rust-lang/crates.io]
  [#4148](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/pull/4148) Pin Node.js version
  ([@Turbo87])
- [conduit-rust/conduit-hyper]
  [#34](https://github.com/conduit-rust/conduit-hyper/pull/34) ConduitRequest:
  Inline `parts()` method ([@Turbo87])
- [conduit-rust/conduit-hyper]
  [#33](https://github.com/conduit-rust/conduit-hyper/pull/33) RequestInfo:
  Replace custom struct with `Request<Bytes>` ([@Turbo87])

## Ember.js

- [emberjs/data] [#7750](https://github.com/emberjs/data/pull/7750) reference:
  Fix broken `meta()` snippet ([@Turbo87])
- [ember-cli/ember-cli]
  [#9696](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/9696) commands/init: Fix
  `--yarn` usage ([@Turbo87])

> - [https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/678]https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/678

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/678](https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/678)
```

and I would suggest to also include the PR title and author like I did for the other PR links above

Author: Should all links have a title and author?

- [https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/675](https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/675)
- [https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/674](https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/674)
- [https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/672](https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/672)

[hyperium/http]: https://github.com/hyperium/http/
[rust-lang/crates.io]: https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/
[conduit-rust/conduit-hyper]: https://github.com/conduit-rust/conduit-hyper/
[emberjs/data]: https://github.com/emberjs/data/
[ember-cli/ember-cli]: https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/
[tobias bieniek]: https://github.com/Turbo87/
[crates.io]: https://crates.io/
[rust]: https://rust-lang.org/
[@turbo87]: https://github.com/Turbo87/
[contact]: https://simplabs.com/contact/

> ## Ember-simple-auth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ember-simple-auth
```

> Senior software engineer [Bartłomiej Dudzik] has been busy doing some

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Software engineer [Bartłomiej Dudzik] has been busy doing some
```
I actually feel strongly about this, I'm no Senior, nor an Engineer, but my title can't be just a 'Developer' either.

Reviewer: We can also leave out the titles entirely here and just use people's names

refactoring on ember-simple-auth.

> In ESA 4.0, he refactored the services to use Ember’s DI, which makes things

Reviewer: I'm not entirely sure what we mean by "…the services…" but since there's only one service in ESA, we can't say what we want to say just like this :) @BobrImperator can you add some context?

Reviewer 3: Well, by services I also meant the stores that ESA uses inside the `session` service you talk about. That's about it

Reviewer: _"Service"_ has a very specific meaning in Ember though and the stores are not services :)

> In ESA 4.0, he refactored the services to use Ember’s DI, which makes things
> simpler and easier to test, successfully removed a lot of code, and simplified
> tests setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ESA 4.0, he refactored the internals of the addon to use Ember’s dependency injection, which makes things
simpler and easier to test, successfully removed a lot of code, and simplified
tests setup.
```

- [https://github.com/simplabs/ember-simple-auth/pull/2315](https://github.com/simplabs/ember-simple-auth/pull/2315)
- [https://github.com/simplabs/ember-simple-auth/pull/2312](https://github.com/simplabs/ember-simple-auth/pull/2312)

In ESA 4.1, he implemented a session #setup method: a first step to migrate away

> from custom initializers and to allow removing mixins. The method excludes the

Reviewer: > …and to allow removing mixins.

I'm not sure that's correct. Mixins have been deprecated already and we should be able to drop them in the next release?

> ApplicationRoute that ESA adds automatically and that is causing build issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application route that ESA adds automatically and that is causing build issues
```

> In ESA 4.1, he implemented a session #setup method: a first step to migrate away
> from custom initializers and to allow removing mixins. The method excludes the
> ApplicationRoute that ESA adds automatically and that is causing build issues
> for embroider and typescript users.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In ESA 4.1, he implemented a session #setup method: a first step to migrate away
from custom initializers and to allow removing mixins. Additionally this fixes build issues for typescript users.
```

## Yarn

[Óscar Domínguez Celada], software engineer here at simplabs, also spent some
time working on open-source projects.

He added a setup node and merged cache:

- [https://github.com/remy/nodemon/pull/1934](https://github.com/remy/nodemon/pull/1934)
- [https://github.com/remy/nodemon/pull/1933](https://github.com/remy/nodemon/pull/1933)

Merged the following PR:

- [strapi: Add ‘yarn’ cache to workflows using setup-node](https://github.com/strapi/strapi/pull/11531)

Took part in the following discussions that are still in progress:

- [Ghost: ci(workflow): add cache ‘yarn’ to workflows](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost/pull/13716)
- [MSW Storybook addon: Percy Visual Regression fails with timeouts when initializeWorker is called](https://github.com/mswjs/msw-storybook-addon/issues/55)

And finally, he worked on some issues:

- [PR: Core; Add ‘staticDirs’ config option](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/pull/15969)
- [Issue:](https://github.com/storybookjs/eslint-plugin-storybook/issues/5) ESLint
  error: `TypeError: Cannot read property 'properties' of undefined`

> - [Issue:] ESLint error: `TypeError: Cannot read property 'name' of undefined`

Reviewer 2: - these seems to be unrelated to Yarn, so I'm not sure they fit within the "Yarn" section
- I think I would probably also rename the section to "GitHub Actions caching" (@oscard0m any thoughts on that)
- the sections are now somewhat grouped by developer instead of by topic. I'm aware that there is quite a bit of overlap, but I think we shouldn't highlight quite as much which developer worked on which topics
- in my original post draft I've included the PR author after the title of the PR, but they seem to be missing for most/all of the other PRs

Reviewer 4: > * these seems to be unrelated to Yarn, so I'm not sure they fit within the "Yarn" section

I did this proposal on Slack, once clarified the author/non-author I will post a commit suggestion here:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2574275/144054365-f4af9ca4-3403-4819-be49-39f65f3107e9.png)

> * I think I would probably also rename the section to "GitHub Actions caching" (@oscard0m any thoughts on that)

I would group this by repository, even if those changes are `setup-node`, each of them impacts different projects (ghostjs, strapi...)

> * the sections are now somewhat grouped by developer instead of by topic. I'm aware that there is quite a bit of overlap, but I think we shouldn't highlight quite as much which developer worked on which topics
> * in my original post draft I've included the PR author after the title of the PR, but they seem to be missing for most/all of the other PRs

+1 to not grouping by author. What will happen when we have co-authors?
In general, I don't think it is necessary to put the authors, you can get that info from the PR/issue/discussion.

Author: I don't see the commit suggestion for this one yet @oscard0m.

Regarding @Turbo87's comments: I simply copy-pasted the links as they were sent to me in the slack channel (so without an author). I kinda used the author's name to group the section, because I didn't have another way to group. In the proposal I did ask to get grouped links because I know nothing about these topics, but that never came :D

Reviewer 4: > I don't see the commit suggestion for this one yet @oscard0m.

@emmasofiah2o I was on vacation sorry. Is there an agreement on how to group entries? If so, I can do the commit suggestion.

topic: insidesimplabs
bio: 'Marketing Assistant'
description:
  'A collection of work that our engineers have been carrying out in open-source
  in the past few weeks.'
og:
  image: /assets/images/posts/2021-11-26-publish-on-npm/og-image.png
---

Our software engineers are all active members of the open-source community and
enjoy collaborating on various projects. In this blog post, we have collected
some of the work they have done these past weeks!

<!--break-->

## Highlight

This week our senior software engineer [Tobias Bieniek] did a little bit of
design work on [crates.io], the [Rust] package registry. The website now has a
[new page footer](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/pull/4158) and a
[cute little 404 page](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/pull/4154):

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/141300/141307167-e3fd2914-064f-4076-b415-fc12a8f8bcbe.png)

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/141300/141186277-0706150c-86ca-4fa1-8114-03f9bd900df7.png)

## Rust

- [hyperium/http] [#513](https://github.com/hyperium/http/pull/513) Cargo: Add
  `rust-version` field ([@Turbo87])
- [hyperium/http] [#512](https://github.com/hyperium/http/pull/512) README:

>   Remove obsolete extern crate http instructions ([@Turbo87])

Reviewer 2: these still have the project in the front

Author: Oh oops, thanks for telling me

  ([@Turbo87])
- [rust-lang/crates.io]
  [#4152](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/pull/4152) CrateSidebar: Show
  detailed list for small number of owners ([@Turbo87])
- [rust-lang/crates.io]
  [#4151](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/pull/4151) renovate: Adjust
  `node` package grouping ([@Turbo87])
- [rust-lang/crates.io]
  [#4150](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/pull/4150) renovate: Convert to
  JSON5 file ([@Turbo87])
- [rust-lang/crates.io]
  [#4148](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io/pull/4148) Pin Node.js version
  ([@Turbo87])
- [conduit-rust/conduit-hyper]
  [#34](https://github.com/conduit-rust/conduit-hyper/pull/34) ConduitRequest:
  Inline `parts()` method ([@Turbo87])
- [conduit-rust/conduit-hyper]
  [#33](https://github.com/conduit-rust/conduit-hyper/pull/33) RequestInfo:
  Replace custom struct with `Request<Bytes>` ([@Turbo87])

## Ember.js

- [emberjs/data] [#7750](https://github.com/emberjs/data/pull/7750) reference:
  Fix broken `meta()` snippet ([@Turbo87])
- [ember-cli/ember-cli]
  [#9696](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/9696) commands/init: Fix
  `--yarn` usage ([@Turbo87])

> - [buschtoens/ember-link][#678](https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/678)
>   Adjust @glimmer/tracking dependency to use semver ([@Turbo87])
> - [buschtoens/ember-link][#675](https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/675)
>   Use pnpm package manager ([@Turbo87])
> - [buschtoens/ember-link][#674](https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/674)
>   Release via CI ([@Turbo87])
> - [buschtoens/ember-link][#672](https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/672)
>   chore(deps): update @types dependencies ([@Turbo87])

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- [buschtoens/ember-link] [#678](https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/678)
  Adjust @glimmer/tracking dependency to use semver ([@Turbo87])
- [buschtoens/ember-link] [#675](https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/675)
  Use pnpm package manager ([@Turbo87])
- [buschtoens/ember-link] [#674](https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/674)
  Release via CI ([@Turbo87])
- [buschtoens/ember-link] [#672](https://github.com/buschtoens/ember-link/pull/672)
  chore(deps): update @types dependencies ([@Turbo87])
```

[emberjs/data]: https://github.com/emberjs/data/
[ember-cli/ember-cli]: https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/
[tobias bieniek]: https://github.com/Turbo87/
[crates.io]: https://crates.io/
[rust]: https://rust-lang.org/
[@turbo87]: https://github.com/Turbo87/
[contact]: https://simplabs.com/contact/

## ember-simple-auth

> ### [simplabs/ember-simple-auth](https://github.com/simplabs/ember-simple-auth)

Reviewer 2: this feels like unnecessary duplication to me now

ESA 4.0: Refactored internals of the addon to use Ember’s dependency injection,
making things simpler and easier to test. Successfully removed a lot of code,
and simplified tests setup.

> - [2302] put internal-session into DI system
>   [#2315](https://github.com/simplabs/ember-simple-auth/pull/2315)
>   ([@BobrImperator])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- put internal-session into DI system
  [#2315](https://github.com/simplabs/ember-simple-auth/pull/2315)
  ([@BobrImperator])
```

or was there a reason why that number was in the front? 🤔

Author: It was in the title of the PR

- [simplabs/ember-simple-auth][#2315](https://github.com/simplabs/ember-simple-auth/pull/2315)
  [2302] put internal-session into DI system ([@BobrImperator])
- [simplabs/ember-simple-auth][#2312](https://github.com/simplabs/ember-simple-auth/pull/2312)
  [2308] Refactor Adaptive store to use DI ([@BobrImperator])

> In ESA 4.1, he implemented a session #setup method: a first step to migrate away
> from custom initializers and to allow removing mixins. The method excludes the
> application route that ESA adds automatically and that is causing build issues
> for embroider and typescript users.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In ESA 4.1, he implemented a session #setup method: a first step to migrate away
from custom initializers. The method excludes the
application route that ESA adds automatically and that is causing build issues
for embroider and typescript users.
```
